why do their internet people let's bow
again normally if you watch the first 30
seconds one of my videos you watch the
whole thing that's what the analytics
tell me I have a feeling this is gonna
be a little bit different because this
is going to challenge everybody you're
you're probably gonna find something in
this that you're not gonna agree with
maybe so much so that you want to turn
it off don't that's my challenge to you
don't watch the whole thing everybody
wants me to talk about vaccines so we're
going to today's a good day to do it
today in 1902 is when France made
smallpox vaccination mandatory so the
first vaccine was smallpox and how it
came about was there was a guy named
Jenner and while he had a thing for
milkmaids when he was younger he heard a
local maid saying that she'd never have
an ugly face because she got cow pox and
therefore wouldn't get smallpox he did
this idea treatment later on in life he
took his servants eight-year-old boy and
infected him with cow pox on the ninth
day kid almost died but then he got
better he recovered and once he
recovered he tried to infect him with
smallpox and it didn't work the first
vaccine was more that's how it came
about you didn't look at that story in a
lot of ways you can look at that in the
sense of the wealthy experimenting and
it can be used to reinforce that idea
that big pharma is out to get you maybe
they are or you can look at it in the
sense of somebody doing something that's
pretty unethical in the hopes of a small
risk creating a great reward does the
two ways to look at it now I want to
touch on the fact that that's white
History Month right for hundreds of
years before this in Africa India and
China
there were various kinds of inoculations
for smallpox what they would do this is
gross by the way they would
the scab from a lesion they would powder
it and blow it up each other's noses you
had about a 2% chance of dying from this
of course you have a 35% chance of dying
from smallpox so one out of three one
out of 50 risk versus reward that's what
it's all about it's math it's numbers
people talk about adverse reactions and
the first thing I want to talk about
before we even get into this is that
adverse reaction does not mean death not
in all cases it does not mean death an
adverse reaction can be swelling it can
be a lot of things it doesn't always
mean death and that's what a lot of the
memes in the anti vex community infer
that's not accurate it's a risk versus
reward I went through and looked at all
of the vaccines and looked at them
through that lens risk versus reward I
found one that I believe the reward does
not warrant the risk I'm not going to
tell you which one because if you are in
anti-vaxxer I want you to go out and
research it in that way for yourself I
will tell you it's one that's not
extremely common
now a lot of the adverse reactions are
complicated by parents not following
what the doctor says to do you know when
you get your kids vaccinated and spoiler
spoiler alert yeah my kids have been
vaccinated the the doc tells you no
don't leave for 10 or 15 minutes or
whatever
after getting the vaccination I can sit
in the waiting room as I'm sitting there
waiting and watch parents walk right out
the door
they're monitoring for a certain type of
shock I have a feeling that if parents
aren't willing to follow that simple
instruction they're probably not going
to be monitoring for fever or any of the
other things that doc tells them to do
that complicates those adverse reactions
a lot the other statement you hear is
that all of these things can be cured
with modern medicine they don't you know
you're not going to die from it anymore
modern medicine and hygiene took care of
that cool let me stab you in the gut I
mean with modern medicine it's not
typically gonna kill you that's not an
argument that doesn't even make sense
and then there's always the question of
well why is my own vaccinated child a
danger to the vaccinated if vaccines
work well Ginny that's not how vaccines
work a vaccine it targets a specific
disease or specific strain it's a virus
viruses when they enter a body when they
when they infect somebody they kind of
attach to the DNA in it and there's a
chance of mutation there's a chance of
mutation if it mutates far enough
everybody else's vaccines don't work
that's one reason then there's also the
problem of the immunosuppressed there is
also the problem of the infants that are
too young to be vaccinated these are all
things that come into play and it's
funny to me because of where the
anti-vaccine ends to lie not always but
tends to lie on the political
bactrim they're the same people that
will rail against socialism and their
main argument is well if socialism is is
in effect then people don't have any
incentive to work because they can rely
on other people to take care of them
that's what you're doing with the
vaccines now when you combine all of
this modern medicine takes care of it
being you can just basically isolate
yourself if you agree to spend your
entire life in your hometown never go
anywhere never go out and see the world
and always stay by modern medical
infrastructure yeah that's probably true
but in order to believe that you also
have to believe that there's never going
to be a situation in which modern
medical infrastructure is unavailable to
you and that's funny because a lot of
the anti-back scary's the belief that
society is going to collapse in or that
there's going to be a civil war I got
some bad news for you about disease
during wartime it doesn't even have to
be anything that extreme though you know
we just went through hurricane Michael
that was months ago hospitals still
aren't up and running right for the
longest time all we had was an ER and we
had an outbreak during that time god
help us okay so now that I've said all
of this all very pro vac stuff I'm not
in favor of mandatory vaccines
everything I just talked about is
logical and moral
those are the arguments ethics is how
you run society I cannot lend my support
to put a gun to somebody's head and say
this is what you're going to do with
your body I can't do that
I don't believe that's right and people
it's not that severe it is that severe
every law is backed up by penalty of
death every single one you're jaywalking
you don't pay the ticket you get the
cops issue a warrant for you if you
refuse to be thrown in a cage because
you cross the street in the wrong spot
and you resist they will kill you every
law is backed up by penalty of death
so I believe in people having that
freedom to choose
I believe in bodily autonomy however
there's also the fact that freedom has
consequences if you don't vaccinate your
kid and the school board won't let them
go to school that's a consequence it's
one that kind of makes sense maybe open
a school for unboxed kids homeschool
whatever if you do open a school for
unpacks kids god help you if there's an
outbreak so there's where we're at and
then this is where it gets confusing for
a lot of people these same principles
bodily autonomy they apply to abortion
too and I know somebody's gonna say no
no no no no no no you know that's it
that's somebody else's body
mmm if I'm holding a fertilized egg or a
fetus a week into development off the
side of a cliff
I got a toddler named Billie in this
hand and you get to pick which one I
drop I'm willing to bet that Billy is
always gonna be safe it's not the same
now once that trial once that once of
the fetus gets to the point where can to
sustain life on its own you probably
have a moral argument there but you
still don't have an ethical one you
still can't point a gun at somebody and
say this is what you're gonna do with
your body you can't do it not ethically
anyway so at the end of the day the
options are pretty simple either we have
bodily autonomy or we do not either the
government is in control of us and to
that degree and we are slaves or were
free or modern citizens either we're
that servants eight-year-old boy or we
do maintain control over our own destiny
that's how it works out now normally I'm
pretty active in the comments section
that's probably not gonna happen today
it's not a debate it's just a fall
anyway y'all have a good day